Ion, Llyn Palmer
Mae'n ion, Llyn Palmer.
Yn y ffordd, rwyf yn artist solo, rwyf yn gwneud ystafellol, ystafellol.
Rwyf wedi bod yn bandau, roeddwn yn band ym mhob ym mhob y Debyl, roeddwn yn band ym mhob ym hedonch,
rwyf yn llawer o bandau gwahanol a ddim wedi gwneud, ddim wedi gwneud yn faterioolol, i ymchwil.
Ym mhob ym mhob y Debyl?
Dwi ddim yn gallu ei ddod, dwi ddim yn gallu ei ddod.
Iawn, llawer o ddau, unrhyw beth oedd.
Dwi ddim yn credu bod hi'n bod yn tjysgrifion, oherwydd, yna, roeddwn yn mynd ym mhob ym mhob 16, 17,
oherwydd, roeddwn yn mynd ym mhob ym mhob ym mhob 4 o ddau o weithiau,
oherwydd roeddwn yn mynd ym mhob ym mhob 16, 17, oherwydd roeddwn yn mynd ym mhob 15 o ddau o weithiau.
Mae'n bwysig ym mhob ym mhob 16 o ddau o weithiau,
oherwydd roeddwn yn mynd ym mhob 16 o ddau o weithiau,
oherwydd Steve Albini was playing guitar and he was producing her album,
and I bumped straight into her with some special fat all over her.
She was quite apologetic, and I was apologetic.
Like I said, I hadn't seen her, and then all of a sudden I come round the corner
after one of the pillars in TJs, bumped straight into her.
I wouldn't say she got soaked, but it was embarrassing.
I think she apologised to me, even though I think I went straight into her.
So it was a strange thing.
It was quite memorable, because I used to run into them once, bumping into anyone anyway is strange,
but then when it's PJ Harvey is...
I'd only recently gone to Glastonbury, and she was on stage,
on one of the big stages, in her pink cat suit and everything, months before, so then to see her in TJs.
I'm not sure dates, to be honest.
Exact dates? I don't know. No.
Especially the Glastonbury, but it could have been afterwards, couldn't it?
Yeah, maybe it was afterwards.
TJs? Oh, it's absolutely brilliant. Absolutely brilliant.
One of the best nightclubs you could ask for, to be honest.
When you think of all the up-and-coming bands that used to play there,
they would play TJs, and then six months later they'd be playing Glastonbury, you know, big stages.
So many bands came through that place. Amazing.
It wasn't so much the gig was memorable, it was the memorable bit of bumping into PJ Harvey, I suppose.
Not every day that happens.
Were you a fan of Shadr? Not really.
I used to like Big Black. Probably got a couple of albums a day.
It's probably from my brother, really. He probably bought them and then gave them to me, or whatever I do.
It didn't really matter when you went to TJs. I think they used to put on so many good bands
that you might not have even heard of them, and you would go there and you'd have a good night,
and then you'd become a fan.
I can't remember the date, I can't know. I can't remember the year, I can't remember.
I can't remember yesterday. I should have done my research.
I don't know, I suppose it was the grunge scene, really. That was the era.
It was like a cave inside, made of, I don't know, what, like plaster and whatever,
and bits of cobweb hanging down, if I remember.
They did change it a couple of times, didn't they? They had a huge makeover where they knocked through or something.
I don't know what they did, actually, but there was like a proper bar area then, the one side of it.
Then still the cave bit in the other side.
I can remember once, I'm not sure what stage it was, but the toilets had overflowed.
There was planks walking into the toilet to go to the urinals,
and you had to walk across these planks because the floor was flooded,
yet they were still open and they were still using it.
You probably couldn't do it these days, health and safety.
There was always a gang of us that would go to these gigs.
That was the good thing with Newport. You could just come into town,
and you could go to a particular pub where you'd meet.
We'd normally meet at the Riverside or Morringer, and then just pop along with the TJs afterwards.
Very rarely you would arrange something. They would just be there.
I've been playing in bands in TJs myself, so you might go there the next day.
When you're actually in the nightclub, when it's happening,
there's not really much of a smell, it's just a nightclub,
but then you go the next day and it's horrendous.
Yeah, you're mixed with bleach and beer and sick and everything.
So many bands were coming here from America, and there were a lot of bands forming as well.
I'm not sure if the scene is the same now. I don't really know.
So many venues have closed.
It must be difficult for bands to get together and gig now.
There are still venues, but not like TJs, I don't think.
I suppose times change.
I think we did make a bit of an impact, I suppose.
I think newspapers were calling us the new Seattle on there, I think, at some point.
So there must have been something really buzzing at that period of time, I suppose.
So it was nice to have lived through that.
I don't know if people will talk about that sort of time from years to come, like now.
I mean, this band's popping up, but to me they all seem to be sort of recycled things.
That sounds like so-and-so. That sounds like so-and-so.
It was a gig that I actually played with Headhunker.
We'd done a few gigs in and around Newport, and we got a chance to support Selecta, the ska band.
Our singer, Marcus, at the time was the bouncer in TJs.
So we asked Johnny Cicola, any chance we can support tonight?
And he was like, a last-minute thing.
Yeah, OK. So it was a big gig for us.
There were a few hundred people there. They had a big following.
So we were a bit nervous, but we played really well.
Absolutely smashed it. They seemed to like it.
It was a different crowd. We weren't ska, but if you like music, you like music.
And they seemed to like us.
We'd borrowed their drums, and our drummer on the last song put the pedal right through the drum, split the drum.
It was about half past eleven at night with about 200, 300 people there and no bass drum.
So Johnny Cicola was going crazy. He was going mental.
And luckily, Carlton comes in the story again, saved the day, because he lived around the corner,
and he just happened to have a set of drums set up in his living room.
So we borrowed the drums quickly and saved the day he did.
It was great. But I don't think they ever returned the drums.